Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to speak about the three arguments for the message box that we're gonna focus
on,
which is the prompt and the buttons and the title.
And we're going to especially focus on the buttons because the buttons is basically the
bread and the butter for the message box function,
because the prompt and the title are basically straightforward.
So the buttons argument actually has different groups of values or different groups off
Constance that you can use.
So this blue group here,
for example,
controls what type of buttons appear on your message box,
and this green group controls what type of message icons appear on the message box.
So whether you have this error one or you have this exclamation or information or question
the yellow group they control Which button is the default button and the default buttons
basically the button that is highlighted when the message box appears and this button will
just get clicked straightaway if you press space or enter on your keyboard.
So if you press space or enter when your message box appears just straight away without
thinking,
this is the button that's going to be executed.
So this controls what button is gonna be The default button is gonna be highlighted and
ready for you to press.
However,
off course,
you can choose any other button using your mouths or using the direction keys on your
keyboard.
But these just control which button is gonna be the default button.
The red group.
Actually,
we're not going to discuss because three of the Red Group are not working,
at least in my experience of the VB application.
Motile on the VB system motor on the VB message box at foreground.
These air functions inherited from visual basic from the visual basic language used to
create desktop applications and have tried them,
and they didn't make any difference to me and we're not going to discuss them.
The VB message Help Button is related to the help file on context arguments here,
which are obsolete.
We're not going to discuss that as well,
and these actually are not used Bari 99% or even more of the users who use message boxes.
I haven't seen them being used,
so we will not need them.
The White Group here,
the b,
the message box right?
And VB message box RTL reading the 1st 1 Here we be Message box,
right?
Just makes your text align to right.
And this will be applied to both the title and the prompt,
so it will just make them get a line to the right On the VB message box.
RTL reading specifies that the textured appear as right to less reading on Hebrew and
Arabic system.
So it enables you to basically specify that you're going to right from right to left eso
that is useful in case you're going to write in Hebrew or Arabic,
which is my native language.
So this is gonna be useful in that case.
Okay,
so let's have an example for the message box to illustrate thes functions.
so let's have an example for the message box.
So that's a message box.
I love chocolate.
So this is the simplest form of a message box.
It contains only a prompt.
And if you run it,
you will have just the prompt.
The title is gonna be the default title.
Choose Microsoft Excel.
But you can change that and you'll notice here that you've got on OK button.
So the reason we've got on OK,
button is that if we just put a comma here,
you will see that the buttons argument has a default value of V B.
Okay,
Onley.
So the VB okay only is the default value that if you do not modify the buttons argument,
you will have a VB okay only or Justin.
Ok,
Button.
We can put a different set of buttons so we could have for example vb.
Yes,
No,
cancel for example.
So this will display a yes no and cancel settlements.
If we just run that you can see here will have I love chocolate.
Yes,
no cancel.
And if you click on any of them and doesn't make any difference because we are not putting
any coat to capture the user's input,
which we will learn how to do shortly.
So now we've added just one input for one group or one category of inputs for the buttons
argument,
which is this blue category here which controls which buttons appear on your message box.
Okay,
so we've put an input from one category which is the blue category.
If you need to add another input from another category,
you need to put a plus sign and you will get this drop down menu again to start selecting
an input from another category.
And please note that you cannot put two inputs from the same category except actually from
the white category here because thes two input do not cause a conflict.
So you cannot put two of the blue to the green or to the yellow.
Okay,
so after putting a plus sign,
we can select something from the green categories.
So for example,
VB information.
So this will have yes,
No cancel buttons.
And also it will have the VB information this eye icon here,
and notice that the VB information has a sound effect that you've heard just now when it
appears and there is also the VB default button 12 or three or four here,
this yellow category.
If you put a plus sign,
you can put something from that categorias well,
so here this just specifies which button is gonna be the default buns gonna be highlighted
.
So if we select one,
for example,
VB default but in one and we run that you can see here that the yes button here is the one
highlighted if you press space on your keyboard or enter,
stayed away without doing anything.
This is the button that's gonna be the selected.
Of course,
you can select another button by pressing your direction keys on your keyboard or selecting
it with your mouse.
So this is what the yellow category does.
Basically,
the white.
One year they be message box,
right?
For example,
if you put a plus in select VB message box,
right,
it's just gonna make your text the line to the right.
So I love chocolate and also the title are now aligned to the right.
Now,
if you had another plus sign here and right VB message box,
all RTL reading,
which is the one for making you write in Arabic or Hebrew.
If you run that,
you can see here that the information Sinai's actually moved to the right instead of being
on the left.
So it's kind of preparing you to write in Arabic or Hebrew this way.
Okay,
so now if you put another comma,
you're gonna be in the title argument and you can actually enter the titles of,
for example,
chocolate here and you can see her that because we've got VB message box,
right?
The title is going to be affected by that as well.
So also,
the title is gonna be a line to the right.
So this is how the message box arguments work.
And on the next video,
we're going to see how to capture the user's input as well.